Now, one thing you'll notice, if you run this again, you'll see something that it's OK but could
be improved.
So if I click.
This blank and then something happens now, although it works fine, that's great.
But for user interface, it's be nice to give some sort of indication that something is working in the
background.
Something is loading.
And so we should just wait until something happens, right?
Same thing happens if I say money, for instance, it just goes and shows it was quick.
But it's nice sometimes to show that there's an indication that something is happening to back and background
so users can wait for a bit.
OK.
So how do we do this now?
Are different ways to do this, the way we have things set up right now in our book search view model
here.
I will want let us do how we usually do, which means we're not going to wrap this inside of another
class where we can like a resource in this case, right?
Or we can then have access to this states and so forth can just create a variable here called is loading.
It's going to be a Boolean type and let's say by mutable state of say, true.
To start with.
Right.
And this is loading.
I can't say, for instance.
So at the top here, I can say, is loading.
That is, loadings go to try to set it to true first and then once we are done with our list here,
I am going to say if this list is not empty, then I'm going to say is loading.
Set it to false.
Because we no longer need to be loading.
And we're going to do the same thing when if something happens like it, it isn't ever going to say
false.
And of course, you can also say false there, as well as if there's an exception just to get rid of
that.
OK, now if we go to read our books, our search screen, they can just play around with something here.
And so, for instance, if I write a few model that is loading is true, then I'm going to just say
linear progress indicator.
Like that?
Else then, we're good to go then, and we just can't take all of this and add it there, and we no
longer need this.
This was just for us to play around and see what's going on.
Now we're going to get some, hopefully some something that will tell users that something is working
in the background, so they have some sort of visual aid as to what's happening.
Instead of just a blank screen.
Let's see.
Oops!
Looks like I'm having some issues, what did I do wrong?
Right?
Let's go back.
Book search.
Right.
So I found it to be.
Problematic whenever we are, I signing a value such as this interview model scope, whenever we if
we pass dispatcher.
So every time I remove the dispatcher, it seems to work less run again.
And you can see there it is, it showed there can go back here and click, OK, so there's that nice
animation there.
The other thing I can do instead of calling here, let's put it back what we had before, I can just
remove that because we know that in the beginning, it's set to true.
So we don't really need to add that at this point here, which is what triggers that problem.
OK, let's go ahead and run again.
And you can see well, let's see if we search for Android again, you can search for whatever you want
and that just went straight and showed the books.
Okay, let's see.
OK.
Very nice.
So we're getting all the information that we need.